ReliaQuest GreyMatter DRP Event Collector (#32105)
demisto/content: Packs/DigitalShadows/Integrations/ReliaQuestGreyMatterDRPEventCollector/ReliaQuestGreyMatterDRPEventCollector_description.md

Digital Shadows minimizes digital risk by identifying unwanted exposure and protecting against external threats. The award-winning SearchLight solution provides ongoing monitoring of a customer's unique assets and exposure across the open, deep, and dark web. This enables clients to detect data loss, brand impersonation, infrastructure risks, cyber threats, and much more.

> This integration fetches event items which can be either incident/alerts, for more information refer [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/key-words/triage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration fetches event items which can be either incident/alerts, for more information, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/key-words/triage).
```

## Relia quest GreyMatter DRP EventCollector Authentication
Requests to all operation endpoints require HTTP Basic authentication, using dedicated (high entropy) API credentials. These normally consist of a six character key, and a 32 character 'secret'. Note that you will not be able to use your normal email/password login details with the HTTP Basic authentication mechanism.

> Please contact your Digital Shadows representative to obtain API credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact your Digital Shadows representative to obtain API credentials.
```

> To authenticate the integration, it is required to have username, password and account-id, to get the account-id refer to [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/api/stored-objects/portal/searchlight-api-docs/SearchLightAPI_APIKey_AccountId2.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate the integration, you must have a username, password and account ID. To get the account ID, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/api/stored-objects/portal/searchlight-api-docs/SearchLightAPI_APIKey_AccountId2.pdf).
```

## Limitations

> The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the **Maximum number of events per fetch** parameter to large numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows how to recover from those rate-limits automatically, but it can cause slowness in events fetching. For more information about rate-limits, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the *Maximum number of events per fetch* parameter to large numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration can recover from those rate-limits automatically, but it can cause slowness in events fetching. For more information about rate-limits, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting).
```

> * The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests, increasing the **Maximum number of events per fetch** parameter to large numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows to recover from those rate-limits automatically, but it can cause slowness in events fetching. For more information about rate-limits refer [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Relia Quest product can return rate-limits when doing too many http-requests. Increasing the **Maximum number of events per fetch** parameter to large numbers can cause rate-limits. The integration knows how to recover from those rate-limits automatically, but it can cause slowness in events fetching. For more information about rate-limits, see [here](https://portal-digitalshadows.com/learn/searchlight-api/overview/rate-limiting).
```
